From: "Daniel R. Grayson" <dan@math.uiuc.edu>
To: "Macaulay 2 Users"@math.uiuc.edu
Subject: Macaulay 2 workshop in June, second announcement
Reply-to: dan@math.uiuc.edu

Dear Macaulay 2 user,

I have a few things to add to the announcement below, which went out earlier:

  -- let Amelia Taylor know whether you will be willing to share a room,
     as rooms are in limited supply.  If additional single rooms are
     available, and you want one, we may be asking you to pay the additional 
     cost of $52 per night
  -- if we are to pay for your travel, it should be on an American
     air carrier, if at all possible.
  -- please commit to being present for the entire workshop period
  -- the deadline for applications, March 1, is this Saturday.  We hope to 
     make decisions as soon as possible so we can make a firm commitment 
     for a certain number of rooms.  Send your applications to Amelia Taylor.
  -- our meals will be joint and our menus will be arranged in advance
  -- bring your laptop with Macaulay 2 on it to the workshop

Dear Macaulay 2 user,

With funding from the NSF, we are organizing a Macaulay 2 workshop, for the
period Saturday, June 28, 2008 to Thursday, July 3, just after the MRC meetings
of the AMS.  Pending final confirmation, the location of the workshop will be
Snowbird, Utah.  Travel days will be the Saturday and the Thursday, and
activities will start Saturday evening.

(This is not the same event as the Macaulay 2 conference in March.)

The purpose of the workshop is to bring the Macaulay 2 developers together with
those who would like to share or to develop their skills at writing packages
for Macaulay 2 and at developing the corresponding mathematical algorithms.
Sample software projects that might be undertaken are visible here:

   http://www.math.uiuc.edu/Macaulay2/dev/projects/

Attendance is by invitation only, and financial support is available for
approximately 15 people.  If you would like to attend, please let us know as
soon as possible.  Everyone interested is encouraged to apply, including
graduate students and postdocs.  Your application should include

  1. information about what algorithms you would like to work on, and what you
     have done in the past,
  2. a good estimate of travel expenses, and whether you would require
     financial support for housing and meals,
  3. your current institution, and if you are a graduate student, your
     advisor's name.

We would like to receive applications by March 1 and to allocate funds to
participants by March 15.

Our organizer for the workshop is Amelia Taylor, and applications should be
directed to her.

    David Eisenbud <de@msri.org>
    Daniel R. Grayson <dan@math.uiuc.edu>
    Michael E. Stillman <mike@math.cornell.edu>
    Amelia Taylor <amelia.taylor@coloradocollege.edu>

